Oops. I did it again, baby.

I'm from Holland. Isn't that vierd?

I'm Dougie, I'm Dougie.

I love gooooooold.

Are those fricken' sharks with fricken' laser beams attached to their fricken'
heads?

Unfortunately, my neck does look like a vagina.

Is it true what they say about you?

Kickstand? Can I give you my cell phone number? Please?

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my submarine lair. It's long, hard and full
of seaman!

No? Nothing? Not even a titter? Tough sub...

Can I paint his yoo-hoo gold now? It's kind of my thing, you know...

How 'bout no, you crazy Dutch bastard!

Well, the future better get ready for me. 'Cause I'm Foxxy Cleopatra, and I'm
a WHOLE LOTTA WOMAN.

Sha-zam.

All right, let me find my balls for God's sakes. 1, 2... and 3, okay; I'm ok.

Dr. Evil, we still have the ultimate insurance policy. May I present to you,
the very sexual, the very toite, Austin Power's fahza.

His what?

His fahza, Dr. Evil.

His farger?

His fahza. You know, the fahza.

You know Goldmember, I don't speak freaky-deaky Dutch. Okay, perv boy?

Fahza, his dad, dad is fahza.

Oh, his dad. Oh, his *father*.

So, er, little fella, I was wondering... is everything... in proportion...
down there?

You know, your bobby dangler, kiggle sick, your admiral-two-colonels, master
of ceremonies... Yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look.

My lord! you're a tripod. What you been feedin' that thing, eh? Good thing is,
if you ever get tired, you can use it as a kickstand!

Right in the kanickies.

All right Goldmember. Don't play the laughing boy. There's only two things I
hate in this world. People who are intolerant of other people's cultures and
the Dutch.

What? Take the fahza away! Dutch hater! And now, it is time to say goodbye.
Dr. Evil's orders. Which, for you, is bad news bears.

There are two things in the world I can't stand: people who are intolerant of
other people's cultures... and the Dutch.

You have the right to remain sexy, sugar.

Oh, I hope there's a search involved.

You know Dr. Evil, I have always thought you were crazy, but now I can see
your nuts.

I thank you.

RUN! IT'S GODZILLA!

It looks like Godzilla, but due to international copyright laws - it's not.

STILL! WE SHOULD RUN LIKE IT IS GODZILLA!

Though it isn't.

Your spy car's a Mini?

It's not the size mate, it's how you use it.

I am a sexy beast.

I haven't laughed that hard since I was a little girl.

Fook Mi, that was fast!

Mr. Roboto is lying to us.

Tell me something I don't know.

I open-mouth kissed a horse once.

Say what?

That's something you don't know.

What do you know about my father's where... about... s?

Careful Mr. Powers, 'cause this is one doctor who does make house calls.

Hey you assholes. I'm Mini-Me! Come and get me!

Stick that in your pipe and smoke it.

Mole. Bloody mole. We aren't supposed to talk about the bloody mole, but
there's a bloody mole winking me in the face. I want to c-u-u-t it off,
ch-o-o-p it off, and make guacamole.

Dr. Evil, You look very toit. Yesh, toit like a toiger. Yesh Yesh Yesh.

You know, Goldmember? I don't think that's something one dude should say to
another dude. Yeah. A little creepy. Mmhmm.

Well, congratulations numb nuts... you've succeeded in turning me into a
frickin' Jack in the box.

You know what my favorite Helen Hunt movie is?

TWISTER!

Nice to mole you... meet you. Nice to meet you, Mole.

Don't say mole.

Now stop.

*I* said mole.

Stop.

Bye.

Mole.

Mole.

Mole.

Oh, shut up!

Moley, moley, moley, moley, moley!

Would you like a shmoke und a pancake?

A what?

A shmoke und a pancake. You know, a flapjack und a shigarette? No? Shigar und
a waffle? No? Pipe und a crepe? No? Bong und a blintz? No? Well, then there
ish no pleashing you.

That's not right...

Look. My vinky was a key.

Only a bloody Dutchman...

While you were in space, I created a way for us to make huge sums of
legitement money, and still maintain the ethics and the business practices of
an evil organisation. I have turned us into talent agency; the Hollywood
Talent Agency.

You're insane, Goldmember.

And that's the way, uh huh, uh huh, I like it

KC and the Sunshine Band.

Boo-frickity-hoo.

Dr. Evil, can you continue with your plan?

Of course, Number 2, our plan is SCOTTY DON'T.

Oh, come on, you're such a lame ass.

Using my time machine I shall travel back to 1975, pick up Goldmember and
bring him back to the future. And the best part of this plan is... no one can
stop me. Not even... Austin Powers.

Not so fast. You're surrounded, Doctor Evil.

Our early attempts at a tractor beam went through several preparations.
Preparations A through G were a complete failure. But now, ladies and
gentlemen, we finally have a working tractor beam, which we shall call...
Preparation H.

What?

Why don't you just call it operation ass-cream, you ass.

I'm sorry, did you say you want some ice cream?

Yes, I'd love some chocolate ass-cream.

Perhaps later.

Dr. Evil, I love your plan.

You do?

Yah. It's a really good plan.

Yes Frau, on the whole Preparation H feels good.

What is it now?

No, I totally agree with you. Preparation H does feel good... on the hole.

Smashing, Basil. A pimp-mobile.

Yes, yes. I knew it would tickle *your* fancy.

What can I say?

Cough!

Quid pro-quo, Mr. Powers.

Yes, squid pro row.

I've been tryin' to go legit.

Of course...

But when you're an overweight child, in a society that demands perfection,
your sense of right and wrong, fair and unfair will always be tragically
skewed...

Did you just soil yourself?

Maybe.

It did sound a little wet, there didn't it? Right at the end! Oooh! Heh heh
heh. Let's have a smell all right? Oh, everyone likes their own brand, don't
they? Oh, this is magic! Hmmm, wafting, wafting. Ok, anylisis. Ooh, smells
like carrots in throw-up! Oh that could gag a maggot! I smell like hot sick...
ass in a dead carcass! Even stink would say that stinks! You know when you go
into an apartment building and you smell the other people's cooking on each
floor and you go "What are they cookin'?" That, plus crap!

I vant everyone to have an Amsterdam good time.

All right, it's getting crowded in here. Everyone out. Everyone out. C'mon.

Not you, Scottie. Not you, Number 2. Not you, Frau. Not you, Goldmember. Not
you, guys back there. Not you, henchman holding wrench. Not you, henchman
arbitrarily turning knobs, making it seem like you're doing something.

Ohh, this is uncomfortable.

Heheheh, the tiny one can't take a hint, Heheheheh. He doesn't understand he's
small.

Hi, I'm Dixie. Dixie Normous. I may be just a small-town FBI agent slash
Well, Miss Normous... shall we shag now, or shag later?

I don't know how to be no crib on MTV, God only knows, got my mini-me and the
GP see how it goes. Evil's all that I see, you ask me my name? D to the rizzo,
E to the vizzo, I to the lizzo. I'm a crazy motherf***er, y'all knew that.
Austin caught me in the first act, it's all backwards, what's up with that? So
I'll make a prophecy from the dogs to the mini-me. Gimme and Escalade, two
way, bling-bling on eBay. DOMINO, motherf***er!

All right, it's getting crowded in here. Everyone out. theryone out. C'mon.

Not you, Scottie. Not you, NumbDOily turning knobs, making it seem like you're
doing something.

